Explain in CONTRIBUTING.md that opamp-spec submodule is needed (#156)
open-telemetry/opamp-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Generate Protobuf Go Files

> 1. Make sure `opamp-go/internal/opamp-spec` submodule files exist. You can do this

Reviewer: Shall we point out the `ssh` requirement? see also https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6031494/git-submodules-and-ssh-access

Author: Done.

either by cloning the `opamp-go` repo with submodules the first time, e.g. 
`git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:open-telemetry/opamp-go.git`.
Alternatively, if you already cloned `opamp-go` without the submodule then
execute `git submodule update --init` to fetch all files for `opamp-spec` submodule.

> 2. Make sure you have Docker installed.

Reviewer: Technically correct, you need to have it installed … and running! ;)

Author: Added.

> 3. Run `make gen-proto`. This should compile `internal/proto/*.proto` files to 

Reviewer: We could point out that the current setup is tested for `linux/amd64` and is known to NOT work on M1 chips etc. Just to safe folks from wasting time?

Author: Done.

## Generate Protobuf Go Files

1. Make sure `opamp-go/internal/opamp-spec` submodule files exist. You can do this
either by cloning the `opamp-go` repo with submodules the first time, e.g. 
`git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:open-telemetry/opamp-go.git`.
Alternatively, if you already cloned `opamp-go` without the submodule then
execute `git submodule update --init` to fetch all files for `opamp-spec` submodule.
Note that `opamp-spec` submodule requires ssh git cloning access to github and won't
work if you only have https access.

2. Make sure you have Docker installed and running.

3. Run `make gen-proto`. This should compile `internal/proto/*.proto` files to 
`internal/protobufs/*.pb.go` files.

> Note that this is tested on linux/amd64 and mac/intel and is known to not work
> on M1 Macs (fixes are welcome).

Reviewer 2: Pretty minor, but I would suggest using the GOOS name. Also M2 is out.

```suggestion
Note that this is tested on linux/amd64 and darwin/amd64 and is known to not work
on darwin/arm64 (M1/M2 Macs). Fixes are welcome.
```
